worried about that topic because it's
our captain we know about the quality
what has he shown with the lion
but he is also presented with a
important challenge in your career and if something
we are in this institution there is always
what to see on the human side and if
We accept and accept your proposal well
that worried about what you mention but
also happy and very grateful
difficult for a 35 year old player in
a club in europe can make a
effort can not be said that more than
nothing was for what I mention you see the
human part but really his output
it was something significant then that
also of the complicated system and also
that's why I have that commitment with
the
Rafael when he arrived here he decided to come
here I am not the one to close the
doors to him and I was dismayed that he
I wanted to go out and how did you mention that
I am to tell you that I was not traveling
for there in these moments to fix
some subjects
to return we want to do
a symbolic goodbye against
match with cougars and subsequently
will travel with us on August 15
to play the game with barcelona and
later it will be presented
get 15 days we're just
renegotiating I do not know if they went up there
another year of contract had already been made
the contract but good left another option
as you mention
he has the doors open can
return as a manager or as a player and
I still can not say that we are
very clear but but if a defense comes out
central will also have to occupy that
position but it's something that we're going to
decide he should not spend more than two
days
there is another surprise signing that of
Rafael Marquez today to the thief to a team
that much more time is spent in the
series that the series and that has now
a mission to stay but it's the second
Mexican who will play in Italy
third third if pedro pineda never
juice
never
altamirano
but now we are before our hugo
Sanchez defense is not the player
our
these are we talking about we are level
world
two
is our sanchez
they have checked
a fourth team
more than three years
he had the luxury of going to second
I need ridiculous
[Music]